fix: Button Group Rehaul (#1430)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/button-group/buttons.md

# Buttons

These properties provide options to customize the formatting of buttons. 

<figure>
  <img src="/img/buttons-items.png" style= {{width:"700px", height:"auto"}} alt="Display Buttons"/>
  <figcaption align = "center"><i>Display Buttons</i></figcaption>
</figure>

## Content properties

These properties are customizable options present in the property pane of the widget, allowing users to modify the widget according to their preferences.

### Data

#### Button type `string`

<dd>
Specifies the type of buttons to be included in the button group.

*Options:*
* **Simple**: You can add text buttons to the group. Each button can be customized with different labels, colors, and actions.

> * **Menu**: You can add [menu items](/reference/widgets/menu/menu-items) to the group. Each menu item can have a label, an icon, and an action. This allows you to create a dropdown menu with multiple selectable options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Menu**: You can add menu items to a button in the group. This allows you to create a dropdown menu with multiple items. For information on configuring menu items in the button group, refer to [Menu Items](/reference/widgets/menu/menu-items).
```
